snapshot br: restore execution plan bindings (#14799)
pingcap/docs: br/br-snapshot-manual.md

    --log-file restorefull.log
```

### Restore execution plan bindings from the `mysql` schema

> To restore execution plan bindings of the original cluster, you can run the `br restore full` command, include `--with-sys-table`, and set the `mysql` schema to restore using `--filter` or `-f`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore execution plan bindings of a cluster, you can run the `br restore full` command, including the `--with-sys-table` option and also the `--filter` or `-f` option to specify the `mysql` schema to be restored.
```

The following is an example of restoring the `mysql.bind_info` table:

```shell
br restore full \
    --pd "${PD_IP}:2379" \
    --filter 'mysql.bind_info' \
    --with-sys-table \
    --ratelimit 128 \
    --storage "s3://${backup_collection_addr}/snapshot-${date}?access-key=${access-key}&secret-access-key=${secret-access-key}" \
    --log-file restore_system_table.log
```

After the restore is completed, you can confirm the execution plan binding information with [`SHOW GLOBAL BINDINGS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-bindings.md):

```sql
SHOW GLOBAL BINDINGS;
```

> The dynamic loading of execution plan bindings after the restore is still under optimization (related issues are [#46527](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46527) and [#46528](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46528)). You need to manually reload the execution plan bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dynamic loading of execution plan bindings after the restore is still undergoing optimization (related issues are [#46527](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46527) and [#46528](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46528)). You need to manually reload the execution plan bindings after the restore.
```

```sql

> -- Ensure that the mysql.bind_info table has only one record for builtin_pseudo_sql_for_bind_lock. If there are more than one record, you need to manually delete them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Ensure that the mysql.bind_info table has only one record for builtin_pseudo_sql_for_bind_lock. If there are more records, you need to manually delete them.
```
